README.md, before:

##ezRPG 1.2.1.3

###Warning this version of ezRPG 1.2.0 has substantial code changes from it's previous version (1.0.x). If you are upgrading, make sure you've checked and tested all modules to make sure they conform to the new code.

=====

This engine is destined to be part of the ezRPG legacy 1.x series started by Zeggy. For the new, reimagined version implementing the great new offerings of PHP5, a true MVC structure, PSR-0 compliant, and Smarty-Less, check out ezRPG 2.x series when that development is ready for public release!

=====

##Notes about 1.2.1.3
####Pushed Oct 5 2013
```

- Fixed an issue with the validation system not always working due to a inline php variable and string.
- Knocked out an issue with the themes class that kept readding themes to the DB during cache reloads.

```
=====
A modular game engine written in PHP.

## Contribute
Contributing to the ezRPG project couldn't be easier!

1. Fork the project
2. Make your changes, and push them to your forked repository
3. Send a pull request with your changes
4. We will review your changes, and accept them if they fix the problem without causing any problems

## Support
Need some help? Check out the [ezRPG Forums](http://www.ezrpgproject.net/)

## Installation

1. [Download latest version of ezRPG](https://github.com/ezrpg/ezRPG-1.2.x/tags)
2. Give read/write permission to:
  * config.php
  * templates/*
3. Visit yourgame.com/path/to/ezrpg/install in your browser and follow the instructions.

## License

ezRPG 1.2.x is open-sourced software licensed under the GNU GPL v3 license.

Commit message:

Updating code
Definitely going off the reservation. Started adding namesapces,
changing up some application logic, most of the code is still pretty
much the same with just simple additions, but as time goes, this will
definitely break things.

README.md, after:

##ezRPG 1.2.1.4

###Warning this version of ezRPG 1.2.0 has substantial code changes from it's previous version (1.0.x). If you are upgrading, make sure you've checked and tested all modules to make sure they conform to the new code.

=====

This engine is destined to be part of the ezRPG legacy 1.x series started by Zeggy. For the new, reimagined version implementing the great new offerings of PHP5, a true MVC structure, PSR-0 compliant, and Smarty-Less, check out ezRPG 2.x series when that development is ready for public release!

=====

##Notes about 1.2.1.4
####Pushed July 10 2016
```

- I'm starting to go off the reservation with this. Added Namespaces, started working on the application logic, etc.

```
=====
A modular game engine written in PHP.

## Contribute
Contributing to the ezRPG project couldn't be easier!

1. Fork the project
2. Make your changes, and push them to your forked repository
3. Send a pull request with your changes
4. We will review your changes, and accept them if they fix the problem without causing any problems

## Support
Need some help? Check out the [ezRPG Forums](http://www.ezrpgproject.net/)

## Installation

1. [Download latest version of ezRPG](https://github.com/ezrpg/ezRPG-1.2.x/tags)
2. Give read/write permission to:
  * config.php
  * templates/*
3. Visit yourgame.com/path/to/ezrpg/install in your browser and follow the instructions.

## License

ezRPG 1.2.x is open-sourced software licensed under the GNU GPL v3 license.
